update guidelines to clarify dependency on GH Copilot for chat (#7456)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/extension-guides/language-model.md

- Before publishing to the VS Marketplace we recommend that you read the [Microsoft AI tools and practices guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ai/tools-practices). These guidelines provide best practices for the responsible development and use of AI technologies.
- By publishing to the VS Marketplace, your extension is adhering to the [GitHub Copilot extensibility acceptable development and use policy](https://docs.github.com/en/early-access/copilot/github-copilot-extensibility-platform-partnership-plugin-acceptable-development-and-use-policy).
- Update the attributes in the `package.json` to make it easy for users to find your extension. Add "AI" to the `categories` field in your `package.json`. If your extension contributes a Chat Participant, add "Chat" as well.

> - If your extension already contributes non Language Model functionality, we recommend that you do not introduce an extension dependency on GitHub Copilot in the [extension manifest](/api/references/extension-manifest). That way your extension users that do not use GitHub Copilot can use your non Language Model functionality without GitHub Copilot being installed. Make sure to have appropraite error handling when accessing language models for this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your extension already contributes non Language Model functionality, we recommend that you do not introduce an extension dependency on GitHub Copilot in the [extension manifest](/api/references/extension-manifest). That way your extension users that do not use GitHub Copilot can use your non Language Model functionality without GitHub Copilot being installed. Make sure to have appropriate error handling when accessing language models for this case.
```

> - If your extension already contributes non Language Model functionality, we recommend that you do not introduce an extension dependency on GitHub Copilot in the [extension manifest](/api/references/extension-manifest). That way your extension users that do not use GitHub Copilot can use your non Language Model functionality without GitHub Copilot being installed. Make sure to have appropriate error handling when accessing language models for this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your extension already contributes functionality other than using the Language Model API, we recommend that you do not introduce an extension dependency on GitHub Copilot in the [extension manifest](/api/references/extension-manifest). This ensures that extension users that do not use GitHub Copilot can use the non language model functionality without having to install GitHub Copilot. Make sure to have appropriate error handling when accessing language models for this case.
```
